filbeat/docs/inputs: Improve documentation for `httpjson` input (#37073)
elastic/beats: x-pack/filebeat/docs/inputs/input-httpjson.asciidoc

- `target` defines the destination field where the value is stored.
- `value` defines the value that will be stored and it is a <<value-templates,value template>>.
- `default` defines the fallback value whenever `value` is empty or the template parsing fails. Default templates do not have access to any state, only to functions.

> - `value_type` defines the type of the resulting value. Possible values are: `string`, `json`, and `int`. The default is `string`.

Reviewer: Throughout beats "Default is..." is used.

> - `value_type` defines the type of the resulting value. Possible values are: `string`, `json`, and `int`. The default is `string`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `value_type` defines the type of the resulting value. Possible values are: `string`, `json`, and `int`. Default is `string`.
```

> - `fail_on_template_error` if set to `true` an error will be returned and the request will be aborted when the template evaluation fails. The default is `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `fail_on_template_error` if set to `true` an error will be returned and the request will be aborted when the template evaluation fails. Default is `false`.
```

- `target` defines the destination field where the value is stored.
- `value` defines the value that will be stored and it is a <<value-templates,value template>>.
- `default` defines the fallback value whenever `value` is empty or the template parsing fails. Default templates do not have access to any state, only to functions.

> - `value_type` defines how the resulting value will be treated. Possible values are: `string`, `json`, and `int`. The default is `string`.
> - `fail_on_template_error` if set to `true` an error will be returned and the request will be aborted when the template evaluation fails. The default is `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
- `value_type` defines how the resulting value will be treated. Possible values are: `string`, `json`, and `int`. Default is `string`.
- `fail_on_template_error` if set to `true` an error will be returned and the request will be aborted when the template evaluation fails. Default is `false`.
```

Some built-in helper functions are provided to work with the input state inside value templates:

> - `add`: Adds a list of integers and returns their sum.

Reviewer: These lists sit in an precarious position. It's true that they are all full-stop terminated, but they are part of a complete sentence that starts the line above this. Strictly speaking they should be comma or semicolon separated, but I think just leaving them as is would be better.

Reviewer: Can the capitalisation of this be reverted?

Author: Done. I apologize for the delay in getting back to you.

[float]
==== `request.encode_as`

> ContentType used for encoding the request body. If set it will force the encoding in the specified format regardless of the `Content-Type` header value, otherwise, it will honor it if possible or fallback to `application/json`. By default, the requests are sent with `Content-Type: application/json`. Supported values: `application/json` and `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`. `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` will url encode the `url.params` and set them as the body. It is not set by default.

Reviewer: I don't think the first comma is wanted, the second one can be added, but is strictly not needed.

Author: I made the changes through manual inspection and with the assistance of Grammarly. Yes, I agree with your point. Removing the commas is also fine as per the following:

From Grammarly
> An introductory word (Unfortunately), phrase (Before the party), or clause (If you can join us) sets the stage for the sentence. **Introductory clauses and long phrases must always be followed by a comma, while single words and short phrases may or may not.**

Should I remove the commas?

Reviewer: Yes please.

[float]
==== `request.keep_alive.disable`

> This specifies whether to disable keep-alive for HTTP end-points. Default: `true`.

Reviewer: I don't think this change is correct.

Author: I thought I should keep it "keep-alive" to keep it as it is what is passed to the header for reuse of a connection. However, after you mentioned it, I checked https://github.com/golang/go/blob/master/src/net/dial.go and it appears that "keep-alives" is something that is also used there. Reverting this change.

Reviewer: Yes, "keep-alive" is a countable noun.

> This specifies whether to disable keep-alive for HTTP end-points. Default: `true`.

Author: ```suggestion
This specifies whether to disable keep-alives for HTTP end-points. Default: `true`.
```

[float]
==== `request.rate_limit.reset`

> The value of the response specifies the epoch time when the rate limit will reset.

Reviewer: I don't think this change is correct.

> The value of the response specifies the epoch time when the rate limit will reset.

Author: ```suggestion
The value of the response that specifies the epoch time when the rate limit will reset.
```

[float]
==== `response.split[].keep_parent`

If set to true, the fields from the parent document (at the same level as `target`) will be kept. Otherwise, a new document will be created using `target` as the root. Default: `false`.

[float]
==== `response.split[].delimiter`

> Required if using the split type of `string`.  This is the substring used to split the string.  For example, if `delimiter` is "\n" and the string was "line 1\nline 2", then the split would result in "line 1" and "line 2".

Reviewer: Two choices.

For formally correct English using subjunctive:
```suggestion
Required if using the split type of `string`.  This is the substring used to split the string.  For example, if `delimiter` were "\n" and the string were "line 1\nline 2", then the split would result in "line 1" and "line 2".
```
For less correct but more modern English:
```suggestion
Required if using the split type of `string`.  This is the substring used to split the string.  For example, if `delimiter` is "\n" and the string is "line 1\nline 2", then the split will result in "line 1" and "line 2".
```
(note agreement in mood in both cases)

Author: Ah, okay. Going with the 2nd one based on the other lines because they are modern English.

]
----

> - We have a response with a key whose value is a string.  We want the string to be split on a delimiter and a document for each sub strings.

Reviewer: I think this should be plural since there are keys. Maybe "string value keys"?

Author: Sounds good.

> - We have a response with a key whose value is a string.  We want the string to be split on a delimiter and a document for each sub strings.

Author: ```suggestion
- We have a response with string value keys.  We want the string to be split on a delimiter and a document for each substring.
```

[float]
==== `chain[].step.replace`

> A link:https://goessner.net/articles/JsonPath/index.html#e2[JSONPath] string to parse values from responses JSON, collected from previous chain steps. Place the same replaced string in url where collected values from the previous call should be placed. Required.

Reviewer: This remains unclear to me.

request_url using file_name as 'file_2': \https://example.com/services/data/v1.0/export_ids/file_2/info

+

> Collect and make events from responses in any format supported by httpjson for all calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Collect and make events from the response in any format supported by httpjson for all calls.
```
?

The `replace_with: "pattern,value"` clause is used to replace a fixed pattern string defined in `request.url` with the given value.
The fixed pattern must have a `$.` prefix, for example: `$.xyz`. The `value` may be hard coded or extracted from context variables

> like [`.last_response.*`, `.first_response.*`, `.parent_last_response.*`], etc. The `replace_with` clause can be used in combination with the `replace` clause

Reviewer: This comma is not required.

> like [`.last_response.*`, `.first_response.*`, `.parent_last_response.*`], etc. The `replace_with` clause can be used in combination with the `replace` clause

Author: ```suggestion
like [`.last_response.*`, `.first_response.*`, `.parent_last_response.*`] etc. The `replace_with` clause can be used in combination with the `replace` clause
```

----

+

> Collect and make events from responses in any format supported by httpjson for all calls.

Reviewer: Similar comment above.

> Collect and make events from responses in any format supported by httpjson for all calls.

Author: ```suggestion
Collect and make events from the response in any format supported by httpjson for all calls.
```
